Business Analyst
iKhokha
10 reviews
Durban, KwaZulu-Natal
Job details
Job Type
Permanent
Full Job Description
The iK Village is on the search for a dynamic and self-motivated Business Analyst.


So, what will you do?

The Business Analyst will be working hand in hand with the Product Owner and the broader team within the pod.

You will be responsible for solutioning, designing and delivering new product features as well as continually enhancing the existing product/feature base.


Deal Breakers

2-4 years’ experience in a Business Analyst focused role.

Solid understanding of business analysis principles, processes and techniques.

Knowledge of Business Process Mapping.

Previous experience developing and preparing use cases, functional specifications and technical requirements.

Clear understanding of how to represent the needs of the end user in a software development environment.

Knowledge of Agile Scrum development principles and methodologies.

Full exposure to the Software Development Life Cycle.


Qualifications and experience that would make you a front runner for the role:

BSc Computer Science / BCom / IT related Degree.

Role related certifications (ie: CBAP / BABOK).

Previous industry experience in FinTech, Technology or Payment-based companies.

Experience in SQL.


What would you be responsible for?

Providing full product life cycle continuity from requirements gathering through to testing and delivery to the end user.

Liaising with customers and internal project sponsors to understand their requirements.

Participating in high level solution definition and strategy formulation supporting multiple business areas, integration points and a large number of affected components.

Writing and maintaining user stories containing functional specifications and acceptance tests.

Writing Business Requirements Documents and architecture diagrams which clearly outline required outcomes necessary to deliver value and solve issues.

Working closely with the development, testing and growth marketing teams as well as the stakeholders to provide clarity on requirements and assisting with prioritization.

Performing acceptance testing.

Assistance in training on new systems and processes implemented.

Apply industry standard analysis techniques such as data flow modelling, workflow analysis and functional decomposition analysis.

Deliver functional requirement specifications to include functional hierarchy, workflow, business rules, interface design and definitions, outstanding issues, data analysis, and data mapping to clients and development staff.

Translate functional requirement specifications into technical design specifications.

Design new solutions by analyzing requirements; constructing workflow charts and diagrams; studying system capabilities; writing specifications.

Improve systems by studying current practices and designing modifications.

Provide analysis support throughout the life cycle of a project to ensure that business requirements are delivered appropriately.

Hiring Insights
Job activity
Posted 9 days ago

iKhokha
